HEAD OF DEPARTMENT OF DATA SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
Eötvös Loránd University (ELTE) is the oldest continuously operating university in Hungary. As a leading Hungarian higher education institution, it has more than 30,000 students studying at 8 faculties. The Faculty of Informatics at ELTE, invites applications as

Head of Department of Data Science and Engineering Department.

and

Senior Scientists in the field of Data Science and Engineering

The ELTE Faculty of Informatics (ELTE FI) is the top ranked faculty in computer science in Hungary, with over 100 faculty members and strong focus on R&D&I activities. It has numerous research agreements with the business community and joint labs with industrial partners. The Data Science and Engineering Department at ELTE FI was established in cooperation with Deutsche Telekom Innovation Laboratories (T-Labs) as an industrial, R&D&I oriented department to promote research, development and education in data sciences and data technologies, from theory, through technologies, to their application

The successful applicant, in close cooperation with Deutsche Telekom AG (DT AG), is expected to foster research and innovation activity of the department and explore new research directions responding to industrial relevance.

KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Demonstration and realization of an internationally relevant and competitive research programme, meeting defined business requirements and problems addressed in the following areas - application-oriented and fundamental research in data sciences and data technologies, using methods and methodologies from statistics and computational science, including the use of existing algorithms and the development of new ones in the areas of data mining, machine learning and data visualisation. Define and develop new and innovative platforms, architectures, programming languages and APIs.
Contributing to the Faculty’s general research activities at operational and strategic levels.
Planning and preparing significant research funding proposals.
Planning, preparing and delivering effective teaching, supervision and assessment of graduate/postgraduate/PhD students in „Computer Science, Data Science Specialization” and related research projects.
Appropriate planning and organisation of staff and resources at departmental level.
Creating synergies between research and education with involvement of students into research activities.
REQUIREMENTS
PhD degree in computer science or computer engineering.
Based on scientific performance, ability to obtain habilitated doctor title within two years.
University teaching experience.
Candidates must have carried out outstanding scientific research in the fields of artificial intelligence, deep learning and related areas, which is proven by research output of a high level in peer-reviewed international publications (journals and/or books), and by results applied by industry, demonstrating a distinguished R&D profile.
Candidates must have experience in heading up industrial research projects and coaching PhD students. Criteria are both scientific excellence and practical relevance.
Candidates must be committed to nurturing talents and new generation of researchers.
WE OFFER
An exciting opportunity to pursue a post with significant impact potential in both academia and industry.
Depending on your qualification, your employment entry level will be as assistant professor, associate professor, or full professor with all development options in the academic university career.
A three-year full-time contract is foreseen, with subsequent opportunities for an open-ended employment.
Salary upon agreement – a salary ensuring an outstanding level of life in Hungary due to industrial support.
Our campus is located in the vicinity of the Infopark, the first innovation and technology park of Central and Eastern Europe, primarily for IT, telecommunications and software development companies.
Equal opportunity workplace. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates regardless of age, class, disability status, ethnicity, gender, race and sexual orientation.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
The Data Science and Engineering Department belongs to the new Institute of Industry-Academia Innovation (IAI), which targets both scientific excellence and practical relevance in collaboration with industrial partners, using an integrated approach to Research, Education, and impactful Innovation. The Department has been created five years ago and currently consists of 20 members (faculty members, researchers and staff, and PhD students).

We will also hire several post doctoral senior scientists, a position you can consider if you do not fulfil all criteria, yet, or plan your career without the management requirements of a Head of Department.

STARTING DATE
The starting date is after 1 May 2023.

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS
The deadline for the application is 15 March 2023. Application documents in English language (Cover letter, CV about professional and academic abilities and achievements, 3 potential references, Scanned copies of certificates, Statement of research interest and teaching objectives, Documentation of additional relevant qualifications according to above specifications) should be submitted as a ZIP archive via e-mail to dekan@inf.elte.hu.

The review of applications will be done continuously in the order in which they are received until the positions are filled.

We look forward to receiving your complete application documents by latest 15 March 2023.