ACADEMIC SYSTEM
ECTS CREDIT SYSTEM AND GRADING
NEPTUN - ADMINISTRATION OF PROGRESS
Academic system
ELTE is internationally recognized and its programs are accredited by the Hungarian Accreditation Committee. The diplomas issued by Eötvös Loránd University are acknowledged worldwide and its course credits are transferable in all countries in the European Union.

Eötvös Loránd University, and the Hungarian higher education in general, takes part in the Bologna process. Accordingly, the consecutive training cycles of the higher education leading to a higher education degree are bachelor's program (alapképzés), master's program (mesterképzés) and doctoral program (doktori képzés). Bachelor's and master's courses are taught in consecutive cycles, in the form of divided training, or in cases specified by law in the form of undivided, one-tier training.

ORGANISATION OF STUDIES
Students studying in bachelor's and master's programs complete their studies by passing a final examination. The final examination may consist of the defence of the degree thesis, and additional oral, written or practical examinations.

FIRST/SECOND DEGREE PROGRAMS (TWO-TIER)
The first higher education degree is the bachelor's degree (alapfokozat) along with a professional qualification. To complete a bachelor's program, it is required to collect 180-240 credits. The length of the program is 6-8 semesters.

The second higher education degree is the master's degree (mesterfokozat) along with a professional qualification. The master's program is built on a bachelor's program; i.e., you need to have a bachelor's degree to start a master's program. To complete a master's program, it is required to gain 60-120 credits during your studies. The length of the program is 2-4 semesters.

INTEGRATED “LONG” (ONE-TIER) PROGRAMS
An undivided one-tier program resulting in a master's degree (mesterfokozat) is a training with the length of 10-12 semesters, requiring the completion of 300-360 credits. Besides religious education and some programs of arts, the following programs are conducted within one-tier Master courses: veterinary medicine, architecture, dentistry, pharmaceutics, law and medicine.

DOCTORATE
Built on a master's program and a master's degree, for the Doctorate (doktori képzés) it is required to gain at least 240 credits. From September 2016, the length of the program is 8 semesters (4 years). Following a Doctorate, in a separate degree awarding procedure, the scientific degree “Doctor of Philosophy” (abbreviation: PhD), or in art education “Doctor of Liberal Arts” (abbreviation: DLA) is awarded.